Today, we will be learning some more things involving movement. A lot of what we do today will be based on these objects in front of me.
To begin with, let me try to grab box 1 with my hands.
Oh, I’ve seemed to make a mistake. Let me try again. Would you please move the box, so that the top of it is back into the designated area? Press the Square button on my arm when you're done.
The first lesson of the day will be about orientation. As you saw, my hand can’t grab the object as it is. But...
...if I change the orientation of my hand, I can grip this object. Since I don’t have thumbs like you, I have to get creative with how I pick up things. Think of orientation like how you have to rotate your hand to a certain manner to pick up something like a water bottle.
Let’s try another example. I want to package box 2 into a bin. Can you move my hand so that it is positioned over the box? I'll ask you to move the orientation after.
Now can you rotate my hand to the correct orientation so that I can pick it up? Think of orienting my hand like if you had to pivot your entire arm about your wrist rather than your shoulder.
Alright. Let’s see.
Oops, I couldn’t pick it up like that. This time, try to get the entire width of the box in my grasp.
Great! In addition to orienting my hand correctly when I grab objects, I also have to make sure that the object I’m picking up is oriented correctly. 
For example, now that I’ve picked up the box, I need to package it into the bin. If I try to place it in the bin this way...
...it won’t fit. Think of it like a correctly shaped peg going into the correctly shaped hole. So, before I can put the box in the bin, I’ll need to rotate my wrist like this. 
Now I can package the box.
Now let’s try moving this 3rd object over into the 2nd bin. Can you move my hand so its position is over the object? I'll ask you to move the orientation after.
Now, can you rotate my hand to the correct orientation so that I can grasp it? 
Alright. Let’s see.
Oops, I couldn't pick it up like that. Try to move my arm to the correct position again.
Now that I've grasped the object, do you think I can move it straight into the bin? Press the X button if you think I can, and the Square button if you think I can't. Before you answer, take a second and think about what you would have to do to move the object into the bin.
That’s correct. I can’t just move it directly to the box. If I try to move it directly to the box, this happens.
Well. Let’s try again. Could you put the bin back into place? Press the Square button when you're finished moving the bin.
If I want to place the object in the bin, I’ll have to do something different. First, I could lift up the object. Then...
I can move it above the point.
Afterwards, I can lower the box, and then finally release it.
Well, let’s find out!
Oh no! It turns out I can’t move it directly to the bin. Maybe I should try something different. Could you move the bin back to the green marker? Press the Square button when you're done moving the box.
This method of moving my arm around used a thing called waypoints.
Waypoints are like little stops I make on the way to my destination to make sure I get there. It’s like stopping for gas during a road trip.
Now, let's say I want to move the object back.
To do so, I'd have to go through a different path considering I'm starting from the end position, rather than the start position. It would look something like this. 
Before we start the evaluation, could you move my arm over the 4th box? I'll ask you to move the orientation after.
Now can you rotate my hand to the correct orientation so that I can grasp it?
Alright. Let's see.
Oops, I couldn't pick it up like that. Can you move my arm to the correct position again?
That concludes module 2. Thanks for participating.
Now that I've grabbed the 4th box, let's talk about collision avoidance. Waypoints are very useful when dealing with collision avoidance. The goal of the next task is to use waypoints to move this object...
...Through the obstacle course and end on this blue marker. We’re going the limit the number of waypoints you can use, so you’re going to have to find one of the possible paths to reach the destination. 
Press the white button on the wrist of the robot to save waypoints. Once you've used up 6 waypoints, I'll check them. And remember! Don't let the box collide with the blue obstacles, and make sure your last waypoint is at the end of the obstacle course.
Alright, let's check those points!
Hm... It seems that there is a problem with your waypoints. The path you've chosen crosses the boundaries of the obstacle course. Here, take a look.
Have you figured out what went wrong? Let's try again.
Great work! Now let’s try another course. Like the last course, there are multiple different combinations of waypoints to get through it. Just like last time, the total number of waypoints you're allowed to use is 6 and the last waypoint has to be at the end of the obstacle course.
Alright, I'm going to check the points now. 
Hmmm... It seems that there is a problem with your waypoints. The path you've chosen crosses the boundaries of the obstacle course. Here, take a look.
Have you figured out what went wrong? Let's try again.
That concludes module 2. Thanks for participating. 